src/content/about.mdx, before:

---
---
import Furigana from "@components/Furigana.astro"
import Image from 'astro:assets';

My name is **Yuknavell** (He/His/Him/His). I come in many names but **Yukna** or **Yadobler** is fine. I come from sunny [Singapore](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore).

## Quick fluffy introduction
Tech-savvy and culturally curious, I strive to unearth the sciences in the arts and the arts in the sciences. I explore, introspect, experiment, and learn from collaborating with people from all walks of life, dabbling in tech, customer service, human resource, outdoor lifestyle and leadership experiences.

## What I study
I am a Computer Science major at National University of Singapore. I also minor in Linguistics (English). My current focus is in [Information Retrieval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_retrieval) and [Computer Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_security).

## What I like
I love languages. I currently speak English, Tamil, Malay, Mandarin, a bit of Cantonese, and a touch of Vietnamese (I also speak C, Java, Python, ASMx86, Lua, Nix, and some Javascript).
I like the sciences, especially physics, cellular biology, and chemistry. I like literary analysis of songs and poems, although I am not fond of reading books. 
I _like_ maths - at least the fun rigour of proofs and linear algebra. Anything not very calculus-heavy. I like to watch big machinaries, trains, trucks and buses. I like Curry Maggie Noddles - if done right. 
I like Minecraft, especially modded minecraft with TerraFirmaCraft.


## Sports?
I am not very active but I like rollerblading (inline skating). I used to paddle in a Dragonboat team, which feels great since it was the only time my skin was not rashing in the sweat and heat and my nose was not blocked. Controvertially I hate soccer (football).

## What's my name?
### Here are some valid names:
- **Yuknavell**: This is my first name. I write this on my homeworks any non-official documents.
- **Yuknavell S&#47;O Thiyagarajan**: My legal name. A patronym, where S&#47;O refers to ['son of'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Singaporeans#Naming_conventions). Shortens (officially) to **T. Yuknavell**.
- **Yukna**: This is my canonical shortened name and probably what I introduce myself as in real life.
- **Vell**: I sign off as _Yukna Vell_, to emphasise _Yukna_ as the canonical term of addess. This also implies my last name is _Vell_, leading some to address me as **(Mr.) Vell**. I do not mind even though technically it is not right.
- **Yadobler**: This is my main username. Treat me a meal and I'll explain the history of this.
- **யுக்னவேல்**: **Yuknavell** in Tamil. Treat me a meal and I'll explain the history of this. It's even crazier.
- **<Furigana hanzi="威玉敬雅" jyutping="wai1 juk6 ging3 ngaa5" />**: 
    - **Wai Yuhk ging ** in Cantonese Yale (Jyutping in ruby/furigana above each character). 
    - This becomes **Wēi Yù Jìng Yǎ** in mandarin
    - Or in Vietnamese: **Oai Ngọc Kính Nhã** 
- **<Furigana hanzi="威玉敬天" jyutping="Oai Ngọc Kính Thiên" />**: **Oai Ngọc Kính Thiên** in Vietnamese. 
- **Yuk gor**: Actually this one is fine.

{ /* Also what is up with the unicode encoding:  ![Mangled tamil encoding]('../assets/tamilname_mangled.png') */ }

### Here are **NOT** names:
- **Abdullah**: Amusing but it's not my name.
- **(Mr.) Thiyagarajan**: That is my father, not me.
- **Yuknav**: incorrect.
- **Yu-na**: Many people (of Hokkien descent) find it hard to pronounce the _k_ sound. I'll forgive this but if possible, do not call me [Yoo na](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Im_Yoon-ah)
- **Ah Yuk**: Nope.
- **Yuki**: reserved.
- **Vela**: reserved.

Commit message:

Update name in about.mdx

src/content/about.mdx, after:

---
---
import Furigana from "@components/Furigana.astro"
import Image from 'astro:assets';

My name is **Yuknavell** (He/His/Him/His). I come in many names but **Yukna** or **Yadobler** is fine. I come from sunny [Singapore](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore).

## Quick fluffy introduction
Tech-savvy and culturally curious, I strive to unearth the sciences in the arts and the arts in the sciences. I explore, introspect, experiment, and learn from collaborating with people from all walks of life, dabbling in tech, customer service, human resource, outdoor lifestyle and leadership experiences.

## What I study
I am a Computer Science major at National University of Singapore. I also minor in Linguistics (English). My current focus is in [Information Retrieval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_retrieval) and [Computer Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_security).

## What I like
I love languages. I currently speak English, Tamil, Malay, Mandarin, a bit of Cantonese, and a touch of Vietnamese (I also speak C, Java, Python, ASMx86, Lua, Nix, and some Javascript).


I like the sciences, especially physics, cellular biology, and chemistry. I like literary analysis of songs and poems, although I am not fond of reading books.

 
I _like_ maths - at least the fun rigour of proofs and linear algebra. Anything not very calculus-heavy. I like to watch big machinaries, trains, trucks and buses. 

I like Curry Maggie Noddles - if done right. 


I like Minecraft, especially modded minecraft with TerraFirmaCraft.


## Sports?
I am not very active but I like rollerblading (inline skating). 

I used to paddle in a Dragonboat team, which feels great since it was the only time my skin was not rashing in the sweat and heat and my nose was not blocked.

Controvertially I hate soccer (football). Nothing about the game but just growing up, I have seen and faced the wrath of football culture and it has left a bad taste. 

## What's my name?
### Here are some valid names:
- **Yuknavell**: This is my first name. I write this on my homeworks any non-official documents.
- **Yuknavell S&#47;O Thiyagarajan**: My legal name. A patronym, where S&#47;O refers to ['son of'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Singaporeans#Naming_conventions). Shortens (officially) to **T. Yuknavell**.
- **Yukna**: This is my canonical shortened name and probably what I introduce myself as in real life.
- **Vell**: I sign off as _Yukna Vell_, to emphasise _Yukna_ as the canonical term of addess. This also implies my last name is _Vell_, leading some to address me as **(Mr.) Vell**. I do not mind even though technically it is not right.
- **Yadobler**: This is my main username. Treat me a meal and I'll explain the history of this.
- **யுக்னவேல்**: **Yuknavell** in Tamil. Treat me a meal and I'll explain the history of this. It's even crazier.
- **<Furigana hanzi="威玉弘" jyutping="wēi yù hóng" />**: 
    - **Wēi Yù Hóng** in Mandarin
    - This becomes **Wai1 Juk6 Wang4** / **Wai Yuhk Wàhng** in Cantonese
- **<Furigana hanzi="威玉天" jyutping="Oai Ngọc Thiên" />**: **Oai Ngọc Thiên** in Vietnamese. 
- **Yuk gor**: Actually this one is fine.

{ /* Also what is up with the unicode encoding:  ![Mangled tamil encoding]('../assets/tamilname_mangled.png') */ }

### Here are **NOT** names:
- **Abdullah**: Amusing but it's not my name.
- **(Mr.) Thiyagarajan**: That is my father, not me.
- **Yuknav**: incorrect.
- **Yu-na**: Many people (of Hokkien descent) find it hard to pronounce the _k_ sound. I'll forgive this but if possible, do not call me [Yoo na](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Im_Yoon-ah)
- **Ah Yuk**: Nope.
- **Yuki**: reserved.
- **Vela**: reserved.
